oh this is so intense one side of my
butt is totally asleep
and the other side has no idea hi
did you order some bananas what about
give me my monkey back I don't have a
monkey then what's with all the bananas
potassium what cell or cell okay where
is he
where is he what cell or cell or cell
what have you done to him that's my
monkey that's patty patty the monkey are
you insane
come here Marcel come on can it come
here myself come in Eddy your monkey
here monkey here monkey okay give me my
monkey back that's my money you're both
gonna have to take this up with a judge
that's not my monkey just the dress is
mine you could send it back whenever all
right I will buy monkeys no oh come on
Luiza
sorry prom queen there had to be a bitch
in high school you could have been fat
all right look okay in high school I was
a prom queen and I was the homecoming
queen in the class president and you
were also there you take this monkey I
will lose one of the most important
people in my life you can hate me if you
want but please do not punish him
come on Louisa you have a chance to be
the bigger person here take it no all
right well then how about I call your
supervisor and I tell her that you shot
my friend of the ass for the doctor hey
it'll be nice to get this off finally
won't it yes it or we can leave it on
for now that's fine you know with the
right pair of pumps that would be a
great little after listen um I'm sorry I
was so hard on you before you know I
just saw rose come on no no it was my
fault I almost lost you know yeah but
you are the one who got him back you
know you you you were great